GAMEINFOS
MathTrainer

Mathtrainer is an app/game designed to strengthen your
mental arithmetic skills in a gamified way by earning
points with every correct answer and ranks + ranking.
Goal is to calculate as many numbers in form of
number a + (operator +,-,/,*) + number b in a certain
amount of time (varying depending on the difficulty
level and chosen operators in the settings menu).
MathTrainer uses a slider to assess which number range
is included in the calculations.


MathFinder

In this app/game, the goal is to solve equations in a
certain amount of time. The eqations are built like this:
a + x = b OR x + a = b OR a + b = x
There are 16 Buttons in tile shape which each contain a
number. One of them is the solution. The button with the
answer must be clicked before the yellow time bar fully
depletes, or the game ends. The more equations you solve,
the faster depletion of the bar is. The game ends once
the bar reaches 0.


CHANGELOG

This is the start of the changelog for MathHubLauncher.
Every update concerning games and the launcher itself
will be shown here. If you are curious what changed after
the latest update, look here!

I hope you are having fun with my games. I am constantly
trying to improve my program as good as I can. However, if
you discover a bug, please let me know! 

Instagram: luki.hsl

Important note:

It can happen that your Computer tries to stop the launcher
from being downloaded or executed. This is because files
created like mine look like malware for the PC. However, 
if you want the launcher and the games to properly run,
make sure to grant the file every permission it needs.
Note that the launcher (on initial setup or open in a new
directory) automatically creates all the necessary folders
and files required (this includes the directory for update 
logs, games, and update files as well as the launcher 
updater itself). Updating the launcher also deletes the 
old file and installs the new launcher accordingly.
Hence, the creation and deletion process causes Antivirus
Software to block the file.
